
  sse

    Stochastic Simulation and Estimation of NONMEM models.






    Options:

      The options are given here in their long form. Any option may be
      abbreviated to any nonconflicting prefix. The -threads option
      may be abbreviated to -thr, but -debug may not be
      abbreviated to -d because it conflicts with -debug_packages and
      -debug_subroutines.

      The following options are valid:

      -add_models

      This option tells PsN to add the alternative models listed with option 
      -alternative_models to an old sse run. All models given via option
      -alternative_models will be estimated from scratch, so the alternatives from
      the old run should not be listed again. The -add_models option requires that 
      the old sse run has been completed without errors. It is necessary to also set 
      the general PsN option -directory to the sse directory of the old run, 
      e.g. -directory=sse_dir50.
      The user must ensure that the -samples option in the new sse run is 
      equal to or smaller than in the old run. If some simulated datasets are 
      missing it will result in an error. 
      The simulation model must still be given as input on the command-line.
      If the option -estimate_simulation is set (it is set by default) the 
      original model will be estimated, regardless of whether is was estimated 
      in the old run. Old estimation results will not be reloaded.
      The numbering of the extra models will start at the number of the last old
      alternative plus 1.


      -alternative_models=alt1.mod,alt2.mod,...

      List of one or more alternative models to use for estimation 
      with simulated datasets. The filenames must be comma-separated,
      no spaces.

      -estimate_simulation

      By default, the simulation model is also used for estimation with
      the simulated datasets. The resulting OFV values are used as reference
      when evaluating the estimation results of alternative models. By setting
      -no-estimate_simulation the estimation of the simulation model is turned
      off, and the first alternative model is used as reference instead. See
      also -ref_ofv.

      -parallel_simulations=1

      parallel_simulations govern the number of simulations that will
      be done in parallel. Normally simulations are quite fast and
      need only be run one at a time. See the threads option for
      control over the number of estimations to do in parallel.

      -ref_ofv=500

      Instead of using the OFV values from the estimation of a model as
      reference when evaluating the other estimation results,
      it is possible to set a fixed reference OFV value. If using ref_ofv,
      it is not allowed to also estimate the simulation model. 

      -samples=N

      The number of simulated datasets to generate.

    Also see 'psn_options -h' for a description of common PsN options.

